Test Plan:

Smoke/Sanity test (basic run-through of site)
1. 15 mins
    Check out the hamburger menu
    Check out the Enter, Modify and Cancel options
    Error and Empty demarkation
    Correct Info displayed when necessary
    Site is dynamic for different window sizes

    Notes:
        Menu has scroll (doesn't need it)
        X button is overlapping scroll bar on menu
        No margin/padding on "version 1.1" text
        "Hilighted red" is mispelled on all pages (should be spelled "Highlighted")
        "Optional" fields are required on Enter Wanted page
        Multiple fields for License State/DL State and License expiration date/DL expiration date "License" fields ought to be "Registration" and DL can stay the same
        Warrant date may be set in the future
        Height and Weight fields do not have units attached
            Particularly troublesome for height because height=511 makes no sense
        Cannot submit form on cancel warrant page due to "At least one optional field needs to be included" nonsensical Error
        Modify wanted page accepts special chars for hair color
        Unclear functionality of modify page... need to specify that all non-required fields will overwrite the old values (perhaps with warn before submit).
        Offense may be numerical on modify page
        Multiple fields for license info on modify page
        No way to tell if page changed when navigating menu until menu closes
        

High-Level (broad) tests
1. Does the front-end communicate correctly with the API?
    RESULTS:
        This app does not have an API layer visible.

2. Does the API communicate with the server and the server with the db?
    RESULTS:
        This app does not seem to communicate with a server. No apparent API layer...

What functionality does this app even have? If there is no client-server connection, then nothing is happening. No database is getting updated. Nothing is actually changing.

Low-level (specific) tests
1. Do the fields for height/weight accept only positive numbers? (enter/modify pages)
    A. Navigate to the "Enter Wanted" page
    B. Fill in dummy information for all required fields except height and weight
    C. Try special characters, negative numbers, and alpha chars for height and weight field
    D. Repeat for "Modify Wanted" page

    RESULTS:
        For both pages, height values throw a error of "The Height field can only include numeric characters" when height is entered as 000, in addition to the correct error.
            Same thing occurs for the weight field.
        On "Enter Wanted" page, alpha or special char entries do not pass, which is good behavior.


2. Does the submit button stay unselectable until all required information is filled in? (all pages)
    A. Navigate to each page
    B. Fill in required fields
    C. Note the point at which "Submit" button is selectable

    RESULTS:
        "Submit" button is selectable for each page as soon as any input is received in any field, even if the field is cleared with backspace key
